Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Jesse: NOW HERE COMES
THE MAIN EVENT.
...THE ALL POWERFUL...
...RAINBOW DRAGON!
I THOUGHT IT...
...WAS JUST A LEGEND.
Jesse: "JUST A LEGEND?"
MORE LIKE LEGENDARY!
[GRUMBLES]
STOP DOING THIS, MARCEL!
GET BACK!--
THAT'S NOT REALLY MARCEL!
WHO ARE YOU!?
[GASP]
YUBEL?
FINALLY...
MY TRANSFORMATION
IS COMPLETE...
I AM AS REAL
AS THE REST OF YOU.
RAINBOW DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH RAINBOW REFRACTION!
JESSE, NOOO!
AXEL, LOOK...UP THERE.
Axel: RAINBOW DRAGON'S
BATTLE WITH
THE SACRED BEASTS
HAS OPENED UP THE PORTAL
TO GET US HOME...
Jesse: WE DID IT
RAINBOW DRAGON!
TAKE 'EM HOME...
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[GASP] LOOK!
THE PORTAL'S OPENING!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ROARS]
[ALL GROANING]
Aster: IT'S RETURNED...
UHH. WHAT HAPPENED?
WHERE ARE WE?
I HOPE
SOMEWHERE FRIENDLY...HUH?
MY BIOBAND...
IT'S CRUMBLING AWAY! HUH?
WHOA!
WHAT THE--?!
ARE WE OKAY?
YEAH...
AND FROM THE LOOKS
OF IT...BACK HOME!
Hassleberry: SHE'S RIGHT!
I MEAN, JUST CHECK IT OUT!
BLUE SKIES, BIRDS CHIRPIN',
THE OCEAN SPLASHING!!
AND BEST YET...
NO DUEL GHOULS!
Boy: YEAH! ALRIGHT!
Girl: WE'RE HOME!
[MEOW]
AT LAST,
WE'RE FINALLY SAFE.
YES, MY DEAR MARCEL,
THE STUDENTS--
AND MOST
IMPORTANTLY--ME!
DID WE MAKE IT BACK? HUH?
HE'LL BE FINE.
AND TO ANSWER
YOUR QUESTION, JADEN--
YES, THANKS TO YOU,
WE'RE HOME.
HEAR THAT, MARCEL?!
WE'RE HOME!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE ACTUALLY DID IT.
CAN YOU, JESSE?
JESSE?
HELLO?! JESSE?!
LET'S GO.
I CAN'T.
STOPPING NOW WILL ONLY
REDUCE THE ENERGY SPIKE
AND THE PORTAL HOLE
WON'T BE ABLE TO OPEN.
I GOTTA KEEP THE STRENGTH
OF MY ATTACK UP.
CATCH YA LATER, PARTNER.
THE DUEL...
HE SAID HE WAS GIVING HIS ALL.
OH NO...JESSE!
JESSE!!!
SO YOU'RE SAYING
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO REALLY
SAVED THE STUDENTS,
CROWLER?!
I DON'T LIKE TO BRAG...
BUT IT'S ALL
IN MY REPORT!
HOW I CROSSED A DESERT
FULL OF MONSTERS...
TO FETCH
VITAL MEDICAL AID!
HOW I HELD BACK
THE DUEL GHOULS!
ALL DETAILED IN MY REPORT!
SOUNDS LIKE
A FASCINATING READ!
BUT I DON'T LIKE FICTION.
WHAT?! NO!
I--
SAVE IT, CROWLER.
WE KNOW IT WAS
JADEN AND HIS FRIENDS
WHO WERE THE HEROES.
BUT STILL...
OTHER QUESTIONS
REMAIN UNANSWERED.
LIKE HOW MUCH TROUBLE
I'M IN?
LIKE HOW
THIS WORLD EXISTS.
OH, HOW I WOULD VERY
MUCH LIKE TO STUDY IT.
HMM?
STUDY? PEGASUS!
THERE'RE STILL
PEOPLE MISSING!
OF COURSE.
HOW INSENSITIVE
OF ME.
PROFESSOR VIPER,
ADRIAN, JESSE...
YES, I KNOW.
Sheppard: OUR ONLY HOPE
IS THAT PROFESSOR EISENSTEIN
DETERMINES THE REASONS
BEHIND THIS INCIDENT
SO IT NEVER HAPPENS AGAIN.
Eisenstein: BOTH JESSE
AND ZEE RAINBOW DRAGON CARD?
THAT'S RIGHT.
NEITHER HAS
RETURNED YET.
THEN...
THEY'RE TRAPPED.
THE ODDS OF FINDING
ANOTHER SIGNAL ARE--
HUH? YOU WERE SAYING?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
IT'S A...
VELL, I'M NOT SURE
VHAT IT EEZ,
BUT IT'S
DEFINITELY SOMETHING!
INDEED...BUT WHAT?
Bonaparte: I'M SO SORRY,
MY SON!
MARCEL...
I WASN'T THERE...
LIKE A GOOD DAD
WOULD'VE BEEN--
AND THAT SPIRIT
TOOK YOU!
I'VE NEVER BEEN THERE
FOR YOU...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU TOOK THE JOB?
SOMEONE'S GOTTA PUT
FRENCH BREAD
ON THE TABLE.
Bonaparte: WHETHER IT WAS
DENYING THAT YOU WERE MY SON
OR TRAVELING TO PURSUE
MY DUELING CAREER...
I THOUGHT I WAS
DOING IT ALL FOR YOU,
BUT NOW I REALIZE
HOW WRONG I WAS...
Marcel: PAPA...?
[GRUNTS]
IT'S ALL OKAY.
YOU'RE HERE NOW.
THAT IS WHAT MATTERS.
AND IF IT TOOK
THAT SPIRIT TAKING ME OVER
FOR US TO GET CLOSER,
THEN IT WAS WELL WORTH IT.
I LOVE YOU, PAPA.
LET'S JUST BE
A FAMILY AGAIN.
ONLY WITHOUT THE WHOLE
ME BEING POSSESSED THING.
OUI?
OUIII!
[BAWLING]
WELCOME HOME...MARCEL.
JADEN?!
OH, IT'S JUST
YOU LOSERS.
WHAT?
YOU GOT SOME LIP.
[SIGH] SO YOU HAVEN'T
SEEN HIM EITHER?
'FRAID NOT, SY.
HE MUST STILL
BE IN THAT FUNK.
BLAMIN' HIMSELF
FOR JESSE.
YEAH, BUT I WONDER
IF THERE'S MORE TO IT.
SOMETHING ABOUT
THAT SPIRIT THAT
TOOK OVER MARCEL.
SEEMED LIKE JAY HAS
SOME KINDA LINK TO IT.
WHAT IF...THAT SPIRIT'S
TRUE TARGET...
WAS ACTUALLY JADEN
THE WHOLE TIME?
[ALL GASP]
COME ON.
WHERE YA GETTING
THIS STUFF?
THE DUEL.
I OVERHEARD
A COUPLE OF THINGS.
NOT ENOUGH TO PIECE IT
ALL TOGETHER THOUGH.
HM, I WONDER IF...
IF WHAT, LEX?
IF YOU KNOW SOMETHING,
THEN SPILL IT!
AFTER WE GOT BACK...
EVERYONE WAS
IN A GREAT MOOD...
EVERYONE
EXCEPT JADEN.
JADEN?
IT'S ME.
IT'S MY FAULT.
EVERYTHING WAS
BECAUSE OF ME.
HUH?
IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
LISTEN DON'T SAY THAT!
EVERYONE WAS RESCUED
THANKS TO YOU, JADEN!
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT!
HOW COULD IT BE?
CUZ I KNOW THE SPIRIT
THAT POSSESSED MARCEL.
[GASP]
HER NAME...IS...YUBEL.
YUBEL.
AND AFTER THAT
HE WOULDN'T SAY
ANOTHER THING.
[ALL GASP]
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD?
WHY YES, AND FROM
WHAT I JUST OVERHEARD
ALEXIS SAY...
SEEMS I'VE ARRIVED
AT A GOOD TIME.
YOU SEE,
THERE'S A REASON
I'VE HAD AN INTEREST
IN JADEN
SINCE HE FIRST
GOT HERE...
SURE, HE WAS
A FINE DUELIST,
BUT I WAS MOST INTRIGUED
BY SOMETHING
I HEARD
FROM HIS PARENTS--
THAT WHEN JADEN
WAS A YOUNG BOY,
HE HAD A DEEP CONNECTION
WITH A DUEL SPIRIT.
[ALL GASP]
LET ME GUESS.
A SPIRIT NAMED YUBEL.
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT THERE'S MORE TO THE STORY
THAN JUST THAT.
YOU SEE, JADEN'S PARENTS
WERE RARELY HOME
BECAUSE OF LONG HOURS AT WORK.
SO, JADEN WOULD INVITE VARIOUS
NEIGHBORHOOD FRIENDS OVER
AND SPEND ALL OF HIS
FREE TIME DUELING.
AND THEN, ONE DAY...
ALRIGHT, HERE GOES...
DRAW!
AH! SWEET!
I CAN FINALLY
CALL YOU OUT, YUBEL!
Sheppard: SHE WAS
JADEN'S FAVORITE CARD.
OKAY, I'LL SACRIFICE
THESE TWO GUYS...
... TO SUMMON YUBEL!
[CHUCKLES]
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE...
THE TRAP CARD PERFECT
COUNTER CODE 1, 2, 3!
[GASP]
WITH THIS CARD...
IF THERE IS A LEVEL 1...
A LEVEL 2, AND LEVEL 3
MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
A SPECIAL
EFFECT ACTIVATES!
ONE THAT NEGATES
YUBEL'S SUMMONING
AND THEN DESTROYS HER!
YUBEL!
[GASP]
[CRY]
ALRIGHTY... MY TURN!
OH YEAH!
DRAGON ZOMBIE...
THE CRASS CLOWN...
AND SKULL SERVANT ATTACK!
OH!
OHH!
UHH!
[GRUNTS]
JADEN!
ARE YOU OKAY?
Yubel: FOR SHAME,
JADEN...FOR SHAME...
SORRY, YUBEL.
I DID MY BEST
TO CALL YOU OUT.
DON'T GET DOWN ON YOURSELF.
YOU PLAYED WELL, JAY!
NOT WELL ENOUGH--
I COULDN'T SUMMON YUBEL.
AS USUAL.
[CHUCKLE] YOU'RE ALWAYS
TRYING TO SUMMON HER.
WHY NOT TRY
A DIFFERENT MONSTER.
YOU KNOW, SOMETHING WITH
A LOWER LEVEL MAYBE--
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!
MY DAD BOUGHT ME YUBEL
AND IT REALLY MEANS
A LOT TO ME!
IT'S ALMOST LIKE
SOMETIMES I CAN
ACTUALLY HEAR HER--
ASKING ME TO SUMMON HER!
COME ON, JAY, NOW YOU'RE
JUST TALKING CRAZY!
Yubel: OH, IS THAT SO?
[GASP]
[GROANS]
OH! HEY, YOU OKAY?!
SAY SOMETHING!
SOMEBODY HELP!
THE DOCTORS RAN
ALL SORTS OF TESTS....
BUT THEY COULD FIND NO
EXPLANATION FOR HIS CONDITION.
MEDICALLY SPEAKING.
[ALL GASP]
WAIT...THEN...?
YOU'RE SAYING...
THAT IT WAS YUBEL?
NOBODY CAN KNOW FOR SURE.
BUT I DO KNOW EACH TIME
JADEN PUT YUBEL IN HIS DECK...
BAD THINGS WOULD ALWAYS HAPPEN
TO HIS OPPONENTS.
EVENTUALLY, EVERYONE IN
THE NEIGHBORHOOD GOT SPOOKED
AND REFUSED TO DUEL JADEN
SO LONG AS HE HAD THAT CARD.
SO THEN...
WHAT'D THE SARGE
GO AND DO?
WELL AS LUCK
WOULD HAVE IT...
...KAIBACORP WAS
ACCEPTING CARD SUBMISSIONS
DURING THIS SAME TIME.
THE WINNING DESIGNS
WOULD BE SHOT INTO SPACE
AND INFUSED WITH
SPECIAL COSMIC MATTER.
JADEN SUBMITTED A DESIGN
FOR NEOS WHICH WAS ACCEPTED.
BUT HE ALSO
CONVINCED KAIBACORP
TO SEND UP YUBEL.
HE LOVED THAT CARD SO MUCH
HE COULD NEVER
GET RID OF IT.
INSTEAD, HE HOPED
THE COSMIC INFUSION
WOULD MAKE HER
SAFE TO USE.
AND SO, TWO SATELLITES
WERE SENT INTO SPACE.
ONE WITH YUBEL
AND THE OTHER, NEOS.
THE COSMOS
DID THEIR THING...
AND MADE NEOS A GREAT SUCCESS.
BUT, YUBEL, ON THE OTHER HAND...
WELL, WE'RE JUST NOW
LEARNING THE EFFECTS.
EFFECTS...THAT ARE
QUITE TROUBLING.
AND THAT PERHAPS ONLY JADEN
HAS ANY TRUE INSIGHT INTO.
SO THEN IT WASN'T JUST
MY DESTINY HERO CARDS
AND JADEN'S NEO-SPACIANS
THAT WERE TOUCHED
BY THE COSMOS...
BUT YUBEL WAS, TOO?
VERY, VERY INTERESTING...
HMM?
THAT YOU, ZANE?
TELL ME...
YOU WOULDN'T HAPPEN
TO HAVE ANY INTEREST
IN THAT YUBEL CARD,
WOULD YOU NOW, ASTER?
COURSE NOT.
WHAT DO I CARE ABOUT
SOME AWOL DUEL SPIRIT?
HMM. YOU TELL ME.
UHH!
YOU OKAY?
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
I'M FINE.
WHATEVS.
NOT LIKE I CARE ANYWAY.
YUBEL...THE HIGHEST
LEVEL SPIRIT...
SHE'LL MAKE A FITTING OPPONENT
FOR A DUELIST OF MY CALIBER.
UHH. IT'S ALL...MY FAULT.
SENDING HER TO SPACE...
WITHOUT A CLUE AS TO
WHAT COULD HAPPEN.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
I SHOULD'VE GOTTEN RID OF HER
WHEN THE TROUBLE FIRST STARTED.
BUT NOW BECAUSE OF ME...
JESSE'S GONE!
[CHIRPING]
WHAT?! ARE YOU SURE?!
Jim: DO YOU BELIEVE
THAT STORY SHEPPARD
JUST TOLD US?
WELL, I WOULDN'T HAVE
A WEEK AGO.
BUT AFTER EVERYTHING
WE'VE GONE THROUGH...?
AT LEAST
IT'S ALL OVER NOW!
YUBEL VANISHED
IN THE OTHER
DIMENSION, RIGHT?
SO THAT MEANS...
WE DON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT HER ANYMORE!
YEAH!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
Bastion: WE'VE GOT TROUBLE!
All: HMM?
A PORTAL IS TRYING
TO OPEN AGAIN
BETWEEN OUR
TWO DIMENSIONS!
I DON'T KNOW HOW--
I DON'T KNOW WHY!
SO, WHAT?!
DUEL ACADEMY IS GONNA
GET SWALLOWED UP AGAIN?
NO. THIS IS A MUCH
SMALLER PORTAL
BUT IF MY CALCULATIONS
ARE CORRECT...
IT COULD OPEN IN AN HOUR!
WHAT?!
OPENING IN AN HOUR?
WHERE AT?
AT THE GRAVEYARD RUINS
OF THE ROYAL FAMILY.
Syrus: AW, I DON'T
WANNA BECOME
A DUEL GHOUL AGAIN!
GUYS...IF JADEN
HEARS ABOUT THIS...
YOU KNOW WHAT HE'LL DO.
[ALL GASP]
Syrus: JADEN! JADEN!
HE'S NOT HERE!
SO WHERE'D HE GO?!
Axel: I THINK
THE ANSWER'S OBVIOUS.
BUT, I DIDN'T
TELL JADEN
WHERE THE PORTAL
WAS TAKING FORM.
MAYBE IT WAS
WINGED KURIBOH, BOSS!
HE WAS ALL RILED UP
ABOUT SOMETHING!
TELL ME!
I JUST KNEW IT!
HE'S TRYING TO GO
BACK FOR JESSE!
WOW.
BACK TO THAT SCARY PLACE
ALL BY HIMSELF?
OF COURSE.
JESSE IS MISSING.
AND JAY
BLAMES HIMSELF.
THIS COULD BE
HIS ONE CHANCE
TO MAKE IT RIGHT.
Jim: WELL HE'S
GOT IT WRONG
IF HE THINKS WE'RE NOT
BACKING HIM UP!
[CHIRPING]
I'M COMING, JESSE.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
I GOT YOU IN THIS MESS
AND I'M GONNA GET YOU OUT.
Echo: I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T RETURN
FROM THAT ALTERNATE DIMENSION
WITH THE OTHERS, ADRIAN.
I KNEW YOU WOULD SEE,
JUST AS I HAVE,
THAT YOU ARE DESTINED
TO BECOME THE RULER...
OF THAT STRANGE, WONDROUS WORLD.
YOU WILL BE ITS RULER.
I'LL MAKE CERTAIN OF IT.
COCK A DOODLE DOO--
DO MY EYES DECEIVE ME
OR...IS THAT JADEN?!
HOW ODD.
I WONDER WHERE HE'S OFF TO?
[CHIRPS]
[GASP]
WHAT'S THAT
IN THE DISTANCE?
THE DOORWAY
TO ANOTHER DIMENSION.
IS THAT...JADEN
HEADED FOR IT?
THE POOR KID
NEVER LEARNS.
HE BARELY ESCAPED
THE FIRST TIME.
JESSE! HE MUST BE
GOING AFTER HIM!
SINCE IT WAS
HIS FAULT AND ALL.
HIS FAULT?
THAT'S NOT IT.
WHAT?
OH, HE MAY THINK IT IS.
BUT I KNOW BETTER.
HE'S DOING IT
BECAUSE HE LOOKS OUT
FOR HIS FRIENDS.
THEY ALL DO.
JESSE. HANG ON.
Axel: JADEN, WAIT!
Bastion: IT'S
TOO DANGEROUS!
WE CAN'T LET YOU
LEAVE LIKE THIS!
I HAVE TO RESCUE JESSE!
BUT I'M NOT EVEN
SURE THAT
THIS PORTAL LEADS
TO THE SAME
ALTERNATE DIMENSION
WE CAME FROM!
THAT MAY BE, BUT IT'S A RISK
I'M WILLING TO TAKE.
YEAH, WELL...
NOT ALONE, YOU'RE NOT.
WAIT UP!
NO, I'VE ALREADY INVOLVED
JESSE IN THIS...
I'M NOT GONNA INVOLVE
YOU GUYS, TOO!
WELL, I HATE TO BREAK
THE NEWS, MATE...
BUT IT'S TOO LATE
FOR THAT.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
SO...
WE'RE INVOLVED WHETHER
YOU LIKE IT OR NOT.
YEAH, AND YOU CAN
SIGN ME UP TO GO
WITH YOU, TOO!
I OFFERED FIRST THOUGH.
SO, YOU KNOW, THAT MEANS
I'M MORE HEROIC.
HMM.
YOU CAN COUNT ME IN!
ALL FOR ONE
AND ONE FOR ALL.
I'M REPORTING
FOR DUTY,
TOO, SARGE!
CAN I GRAB
A JACKET FIRST?
LOOK, EVERYONE,
I'M ALL
FOR FRIENDSHIP...
BUT THE ODDS
OF US RETURNING...
ALEXIS...
YOU STAY BACK,
LET ME GO
FOR YOU INSTEAD.
NO.
I APPRECIATE THE OFFER.
BUT I'VE ALREADY
MADE UP MY MIND.
HEY, NO ONE IS ASKING
YOU GUYS TO GO.
IT'S TRUE--
THE ODDS ARE SLIM.
BUT THIS ISN'T
ABOUT ODDS.
IT'S ABOUT FRIENDS.
THAT'S ALL THERE IS
TO IT.
Zane: I TOLD YOU
THEY LOOK OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
UNBELIEVABLE.
THEY REALLY DO.
AND JADEN
KICK STARTED IT ALL.
AS HE ALWAYS DOES.
LET'S JUST HOPE
IT DOESN'T COST THEM
TOO DEARLY.
THANKS GUYS...HUH?
[CHIRPING]
KURIBOH?
WHAT'S UP?
[CHIRPING]
THE PORTAL--
IS CLOSING!
Bastion: THE PORTAL
TO THE ALTERNATE DIMENSION
IS UNSTABLE!
VENTURING THROUGH IT LIKE THIS
WOULD MEAN CERTAIN DOOM!
STAND BACK!
THERE'S SIMPLY NO TELLING
WHAT IT MIGHT DO!
TELL YOU WHAT
WE'RE GONNA DO!
AND THAT'S FIND
A WAY TO STEADY IT.
NOW!
WELL, UH...
Bastion: I SUPPOSE
IF WE GENERATED
A STRONG ENOUGH POWER BLAST
WE COULD STABILIZE IT...
AND THE GOOD NEWS IS...
WE'RE SURROUNDED BY DUEL ENERGY.
WHICH MEANS...
WE COULD SUMMON
OUR DUEL SPIRITS
FOR REAL!
HMM.
WELL THEN, LET'S DO IT!
YEAH, PULL 'EM OUT!
YOUR STRONGEST CARDS!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
HMM.
Axel: DO IT UP, JADEN!
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
XYZ-DRAGON CANNON!
CYBER ANGEL BENTEN!
SUPER CONDUCTOR TYRANNO!
GO FOSSIL WARRIOR
SKULL KING!
VOLCANIC DOOMFIRE!
Jaden: DON'T YOU WORRY,
JESSE!
NO WAY
WE'RE GIVING UP NOW!
[ROARS]
NOW OPEN FIRE!
AIM RIGHT
AT THE PORTAL!
GIVE IT ALL YA GOT!
GO AND DON'T HOLD BACK!
COME ON!
STABILIZE!
IT'S CLOSE...
WE NEED...MORE POWER...
Syrus: GO SUPER
VEHICROID STEALTH UNION!
HUH!
THANKS SY!
NO PROB!
NEED A HAND?!
GO RED EYES
BLACK DRAGON!
UHH! CHECK IT!
Aster: SOMETHING'S
HAPPENING!
YOU THINK?
WHAT GAVE IT AWAY, GENIUS?
Hassleberry: THE PORTAL'S
STABILIZING!
Atticus: AND THEN SOME!
[CHIRPING]
UHH.
OHH!
[ALL CRYING OUT]
Zane: WE'VE GOT
TROUBLE.
AAH! [GRUNTING]
ADRIAN!
WHO'S THERE?
DON'T EGG ME
ON...AAH! AAH!
I FEEL SO SCRAMBLED!
[ALL CRYING OUT]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪